Maturing the extensions pattern (#508)
gruetter/innerSourceTest: assets/img/extensions-for-sustainable-growth/README.md

> If you want to edit the illustration, please request access to this [source document](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1X5c2dRFfJwQ7iBKbDKUM4jq_G0qm7uEK/edit#slide=id.p1).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to edit the illustration, please request access to this [source document](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1uyvRcIIrxKedajB6XeGL21_2p60oGOi-nrU6pwk5YqA/edit).
```

Ported this to a new doc.
